Need some extra help?

I have an awesome e-book called CRICUT COACH PLAYBOOK that can really make a difference for you!

See it at https://jennifermakeracademy.com/cricut-coach-playbook/


WHAT IS IT?

The Cricut Coach Playbook is essentially a giant collection of one-page diagrams for all of the popular tasks in Cricut Design Space. It’s a click-here, do-this, get-on-with-it already sort of thing.

All you do is follow the little diagrams — no guessing, no researching. You just do it.

And of course, since I switch between my computer and my iPhone and my Android, and I know a bunch of you do the same thing, we need to know how to do all the things on all the platforms. So I’ve covered everything. Like, for the longest time I couldn’t figure out how to access my saved projects on my iPhone and Android tablet, but now I do … and so does the Cricut Coach Playbook. And do you know how to mirror a canvas for iron-on vinyl on the iPhone or Android? Took me a while to figure that one out at first too, but now I always remember.

Because that’s the thing, remembering. It’s not like most of us are using Cricut Design Space day in and day out and can remember exactly what to do every time. And with the Cricut Coach Playbook, we don’t have to memorize it anymore.


WHAT DOES IT COVER?

I cover all the big things we need to do in Cricut Design Space to make fabulous things. Here's a list of the cheat sheets I've stuffed into the Playbook:

How to Install Cricut Design Space (Offline version) 
How to Open and Start a New Project
How to Connect to Your Cricut (Bluetooth)
How to Attach (Keep Things Together)
How to Group and Ungroup
How to Weld
How to Slice
How to Contour
How to Curve Text
How to Align & Distribute Objects
How to Change Letter Space
How to Weld Text & Keep Letter Centers 
How to Knockout Text - new!
How to Change Font of Existing Text
How to Change Colors & Pattern Fills 
How to Change Linetype & Use Tools 
How to Set Text to Write with a Pen 
How to Score with Stylus or Wheel
How to Reposition Items on Mat Preview
How to Mirror and Cut Heat Transfer Vinyl
How to Use and Resize Templates
How to Use SnapMat
How to Save Work and View Saved Projects
How to Save for Offline 
How to Share Links to Projects
How to Link Cartridges
How to Flatten
How to Print Then Cut
How to Upload Images
How to Erase Background from Images
How to Combine Multiple Projects Together
How to Upload SVG Files
How to Resize a Project 
How to Use and Modify Custom Materials 
How to Update the Cricut Plugin and App
How to Troubleshoot Problems 

Each Playbook page is super clear. And tells you exactly where to click or tap. ALSO, each of the sample projects I show in my diagrams are available for you to practice with if you want to use this Playbook as a way to learn everything. You just go to the link at the bottom of the page and you’ll see exactly what is shown in the book so you can try out things. There are 14 different free sample projects!

Another cool thing about the Playbook is that I keep it up-to-date, and anyone who has a copy gets free updates. I've already updated it five times, in fact!

The Playbook is the bestselling Cricut book out there and is in use by over 200,000 Cricut owners! This is the "missing manual."

There are currently over 100 diagrammed pages in the Playbook!


WHERE DO I GET IT?

Order today at https://jennifermakeracademy.com/cricut-coach-playbook/

